version_update_mask related docs and changes (#772)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/index.md

should trigger a reaction.

> #### version_update_mask
> (*string*) This field requires a Python regex pattern. It's used with `re.match`.

Reviewer: Maybe, we can mention a motivation first:
```suggestion
#### version_update_mask
(*string*) This field can be used to filter upstream versions when syncing the releases e.g. to avoid main version bump on the stable Fedora version.
The value requires a Python regex pattern and is used with `re.match` function.
```

Author: This was consistent with the above descriptions of  `upstream_tag_include` and `upstream_tag_exclude` and I think it is useful having this information quickly without need of reading too much 😅. But if you prefer I apply your changes.

Reviewer: I don't have a strong option. I would expect people might not be sure just from the name what this is about...

 The old version contained in the *dist-git target branch specfile* and the *newly released version in upstream* 
 have both to match this reg exp and the matching value has to be the same otherwise Packit will not sync the 
 release downstream.

>  Take as an example a `version_update_mask` set to `\d+\.\d+\.`, 
>  *3.8.0* as specfile *version*  and  *3.9.0* as a new upstream *release tag*, the versions are matching but the 
>  matched values are not the same, thus Packit will not create a *3.9.0*  pull request release on dist-git target 
>  branch.

Reviewer: I really like having an example here. Maybe, we can also add:
```suggestion
 Take as an example a `version_update_mask` set to `\d+\.\d+\.`, 
 *3.8.0* as specfile *version*  and  *3.9.0* as a new upstream *release tag*, the versions are matching but the 
 matched values are not the same, thus Packit will not create a *3.9.0*  pull request release on dist-git target 
 branch. If there is an *3.8.1* release, the matched values (=`3.8`) are the same and pull request is created.
```
